Hello.
Is this the lovely and talented Dr. Ray Peat?
I think so.
How are you doing there, kid?
Pretty well.
Oh, you sound good.
I'm good.
I was probably vegetables causing a problem.
Yeah, so that's...
Let's talk about on the air, that's very interesting.
How could I possibly be a vegetable?
But you were having a problem, weren't you?
I mean, we could hear it.
Oh, sure.
It was not quite as annoying as Robert Kennedy's, but I think it was basically the same.
But it seems like it's...
It sounds like it can even get better.
You're still not quite through it?
Yeah, it's...
Well, let's talk about it on the air.
Let's talk about it on the air.
Because people were emailing me and they were really concerned about you, you know?
Because we didn't know.
I should have asked you what was going on, but I didn't want to intrude into your life.
So, you know what I mean?
That's the only reason I didn't say anything.
Okay, so let's get going here.
We'll have some fun.
Okay, so we are streaming audio.
We are streaming, recording audio.
And now we're going to record video.
And then we're going to re-stream it, right?
There you go.
Broadcasting from the beautiful Hill Country in Texas, this is Juan, RadioNetwork.com.
Well, very pleasant.
Good morning to you.
Welcome back.
We are live.
Well, we were live five minutes ago, so I guess we're still live.
Wait a minute.
That's not right.
Hold on a second.
Why isn't that working?
Let me get the video thing right and I'll figure it out.
Oh, I know what I have to do.
Let me change something real quick.
Sorry, I thought I had it, but then I didn't.
If you'd like to join the show, well, you have to do it by email because Ray Peat is
on the telephone.
And he's a PhD.
He's been a PhD for a very long time.
One of the best ever in the world.
Does great research and has been working on things for you and helping people since the
'60s.
He taught in a naturopathic school and his work with hormones is just kind of like legendary.
He probably knows more about the thyroid than anybody on the planet or the earth plane today.
Sorry, no planet.
So if you'd like to be on the show, the email is the way to do it.
It is patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
Mr. Peat, good morning.
Good morning.
So a couple of months ago, you started having a little bit of trouble talking, right?
Oh, a lot of trouble.
A lot of trouble.
Well, several months before that, I had tried some ham and bacon that were preserved with
celery juice powder.
And I knew I was allergic to celery, but it was so good.
I went ahead and ate it.
For about two weeks, I could hardly breathe the tightest my vocal cords ever got.
And then after several months, I decided to experiment with changing my diet.
Thirty-five years ago, I developed a migraine from eating many vegetable-related foods and
spices and things.
And so I was checking that out to see if I still had any of those terrible allergies.
And I didn't, but they had changed to the phlegm and tightness of the vocal cords.
And so I was experimenting with a higher, higher vegetable diet.
And it didn't work well.
Yeah, a chronic tendency to cough and resisting the cough.
I would get just a constant spasm of the vocal cords, which I think is the same thing basically
as what they call spastic dystonia.
That's what Bobby, Robert Kennedy Jr. has, right?
Yeah, it makes the cords so tight that you just squeak.
There are variations on it.
I've known a couple of people who went silent.
They had the choice of either complete tightness and not breathing, or they just paralyzed
their vocal cords and couldn't make a sound other than a whisper.
And so this all started through just eating certain vegetables that you were allergic
to a couple of months ago.
Yeah, yeah.
And I think it works through causing a general inflammation, intestinal and respiratory in
general, but it probably related to aging or something that some people, it's just
in the vocal cords.
Interesting.
Well, this started a couple of months ago.
The last two shows you were really having a hard time getting through the questions.
And I didn't say anything, because out of so much respect for you, I didn't want to
butt in and say, "Are you having a hard time?"
I just didn't know what to do.
But we just went through the shows and they were fine.
And now it sounds like you've still got a little bit going on, but you're working through
it just by changing your diet.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, I'm probably still very allergic, but I avoid the worst things.
You avoid the worst things.
So what are you eating now?
I cut out basically all of the vegetables.
I'm still trying oatmeal, though I like my oatmeal breakfast.
Yeah.
Very easy.
That's the only vegetable cereal I'm still having.
Really?
Yeah.
I've been totally off vegetables for about three months because I'm doing this whole
carnivore thing, you know.
And I've never felt better.
I don't miss vegetables either.
Yeah, I didn't miss them for about 40 years.
But you never really, did you ever really get stuck getting into the whole heavy meat,
heavy animal protein thing?
Did you ever do that?
Not philosophically, but in practice that was when I had money to buy tasty food.
That's what you ate, huh?
Yeah.
It's so funny because I just read an email and I wanted to read it to you because I think
this is important that we talk about this because you know how much respect I have for
you and everybody in your work and there was a fellow that sent in a comment on a show
that we did with a fellow doctor, his name is Ivor Cummins and he's called the Fat
Emperor and he wrote a book called, let's see, something like Eat Rich and Live Long,
thousands of studies and he's really well researched about the benefits of more fat
in on the diet and animal foods.
So this person emailed in, Doc, and he said, "Have you bothered listening to a single
word while questioning Dr. Peat throughout the past decade?
Well, ironically, you have another chance to learn nothing this coming Monday."
So, I mean, let's talk about that.
I mean, even if you had 12 PhDs and the most respected thing in the world, if you were
recommending eating a particular way that didn't work for me, would you still recommend
I do that?
Oh, no, no, that's the first thing.
Watch and adjust and adapt.
Starting 50, 60 years ago, I realized that more people were getting sick from their supplements
that were being helped and I just suggested that they try cutting out the supplements
for a week or 10 days and it was just amazing.
There was a cure of hay fever throughout the hay fever season in Eugene when people just
stopped their vitamin C and other things.
Isn't that funny?
So this would be all kinds of things, even vitamin C or vitamins and minerals, isolated
minerals, isolated nutrients?
They can all be extremely hard on the digestive system and cause more irritation than benefit.
I have to tell you, Dr. Peat, three months of just eating meat and butter and eggs and
goat's milk, my gut has never felt better or worked better in my life.
It's just crazy.
What's that about?
I mean, come on, what's that about?
You can see it works with just about any kind of animal.
Rabbits are among the few animals that don't tolerate a lot of animal fat, but their digestive
systems are just too adjusted to plant material.
But everyone is benefited in some way if they can totally leave out plant material because
the muscle and fat contain almost none of the intrinsic allergens.
Plants have to defend themselves with putting poison in their tissues, but animals can fight
back or run to escape, so they don't need to have poison.
They can run away.
Yeah, the carnivore people talk about these things.
I think some of them are oxalates, some are other things.
The curious thing about eating a lot of carbs and vegetables, Dr. Peat, and potatoes and
stuff is that you end up pooping two or three times a day, but it turns out that you're
just pooping out all the fiber, and if you don't eat that, you don't have to poop
three times a day.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, they've shown that babies have no trouble making adequate bulk on pure milk
diet.
You don't need fiber to make bulk.
The bacteria normally grow to produce about 80% of the bulk of the movement.
So do you think we need fiber at all?
Even grains?
Oh, yeah, lots of people show benefit from adding fiber, even though the fiber itself
is intrinsically irritating.
There have been studies in which it worked like an antibiotic, basically.
It moved things through the intestine so much faster that the bad bacteria didn't have
a chance to grow.
It moved things through faster so that wonky bacteria couldn't grow.
Wow.
Yeah.
Women at a fertility clinic, I think it was, were being given antibiotics to see if they
maybe had an ovary infection.
And when they took the antibiotic, it didn't improve their fertility, but it cured their
chronic PMS and headache symptoms.
And so they were studying what was happening there.
And the antibiotic worked the same way a laxative does to keep the bacteria from producing toxic
irritants.
And in a group of experiments, we gave women just raw carrot every day rather than an antibiotic.
And the same thing happened hormonally.
Their PMS-related hormones normalized.
Cortisol-indicating stress went down to normal just from cleaning up their intestine, getting
faster movement.
And the reason for that is that low thyroid makes the intestine move slowly, and that
lets the bacteria overgrow, produce toxins.
And so anything you can do to get the intestine to move faster is going to improve your hormone
function by not letting the bacteria create the stress leading to the PMS.
Interesting.
So that's what this degraded carrot that you like does, right?
Yeah.
I eat a carrot every day for about 20 or 30 years.
So do you wear glasses or does it really affect the, I'm just kidding, on the vision?
Is it vitamin A or something?
Vision?
No, that was just for the fiber effect.
Oh, just for the fiber.
But is there something to carrots in the vision like it's been talked about or is that just
a fairy tale?
Yeah, the too much carotene from carrot juice, it's the main problem because it interferes
with your thyroid function and progesterone.
So if you start getting orange skin on your palms, that means you're maybe exposed to
too much carrot juice.
We used to do that back in the 80s when we were drinking lots of carrot juice in the
hippie food stores and we would all have these orange palms because we thought carrot juice
was the best thing ever.
It was crazy.
Yeah, boy, if you have orange palms, you know you're having too many carrots, right?
Yeah, or maybe just too slow thyroid function.
Oh, see, that could be it.
So you couldn't burn through it.
I wonder how long this whole thyroid thing has been going on.
I mean, with people like you and others over the last 20 years, it's come out.
But do you suspect that the whole thyroid epidemic, low and all the rest, has been going
on for a long time?
Oh, yeah.
Rona Barnes did his PhD work and medical doctor work both in the 1930s and his surveys found
that throughout the world, probably about half of the population has always been more
or less hypothyroid.
Really?
Do we know why?
Oh, yeah, the mineral deficiency of iodine is probably the worst thing.
But lots of areas where they eat, I forget what grains are worse, barley I think was
one and lots.
The cabbage area of Eastern Europe had a terrible incidence of glater and heart disease related
to hypothyroidism.
But I thought you don't recommend iodine supplementation, so I'm confused.
Nope, never iodine, but very often thyroid.
But very often thyroid, pink thyroid or whatever.
Yeah, people who take, there have been several dozen studies around the world since iodized
salt and they found that eating even half a milligram of iodine extra per day because
of the salt leads to an increase in thyroid cancer.
So, that's why we don't want to do the lady with the umbrella and iodized salt, right?
You don't want to do that one.
What kind of salt do you use?
Morton's, canning and pickling.
Oh, the canning and pickling, yeah.
That's what Dr. Hal Huggins used to use when we had him on.
Remember Dr. Huggins and the mercury guy?
That was his favorite, the pickling and canning salt.
What about those salts like the Redmond from, I think it's Utah and a lot of folks think
that that's really good stuff because of the minerals.
You don't think that, you'd rather do the pickling?
Pickling with what?
You'd rather do the pickling than canning salt rather than even some of the ones with
minerals, correct?
Oh, sure, definitely.
It's the cleanliness of it that is important.
Very low pollution in general where some of the mined salts are on the borderline of toxic
with iron, for example.
If the salt is pink, it has too much iron and if it's gray, it might just be mud from
poor refining of seawater.
Yeah, wow, wow.
So go with that pickling and canning.
It's one of the most inexpensive salts on the planet.
Really?
I mean, it's a box of what?
About a buck and a half for a big box of it, right?
Yeah, it must be close to two pounds.
Yeah, Morton's Pickling and Canning Salt, go figure.
Dr. Ray Peters with us, Patrick Timpone, on Radionetwork.com.
I'll tell you about his website.
Well, I'm really feeling much better because, and I should have said something, but I didn't
want to assume that you had something going on with your brain because you know what I'm
seeing when you couldn't speak very well over the last couple months?
And so I'm just so pleased that you figured out what it is, which was the vegetable thing
in your throat and not anything with your brain.
Your brain's fine, right?
Apparently.
Because I thought we were going to lose you there for a minute, sir.
I said, "Why isn't that good?"
Apparently fine brain.
Let us do a quick break and then we're going to take some emails, okay, Doc?
Stay right there.
Dr. Ray Peat, Patrick Timpone, on Radionetwork.com.
See, I should have said something, but I didn't want to say anything because, you know, it's
like, here's this guy, he knows everything about this stuff, a lot of stuff, and what
do I know?
I can't say anything.
Oh, well, we just live and learn, hopefully.
This is a product that's on sale right now, Restore 20.
It's a promo code, 20%.
The first supplement I like to take in the morning right after I wake up is Pine Pollen
Pure Potency, or P4.
This is Cirque Rival's flagship testosterone and androgen support formula.
It's made with the pollen of pine trees, which is rich in testosterone, androstenedione,
DHEA, and a bunch of plant sterols.
These are all substances, phytochemicals, that support the body's natural androgens,
or male hormones.
Of course, men and women are using this product, but usually it's men in andropause, men after
age 40 whose testosterone production has started to decline.
Many of Cirque Rival's supplements can be taken any time of day, but Pine Pollen Pure
Potency, it's important that you take at very specific times of the day.
Now, it can be taken once, twice, or three times, depending on how much you want to supplement
yourself with the phytoandrogens found in it, but the key is taking it at morning, right
upon waking, midday or noon, and then again right before bed.
So once, twice, or three times a day, but always at those times, and that's because
that's when your body's naturally producing its own testosterone.
And all we want to do is amplify that sign wave.
We don't want to start to take testosterone at a time where our body's purged it from
the bloodstream.
Instead, we want to take it at a time where those levels are already spiking, and we're
just subtly helping to increase them.
This product tastes fantastic.
I think of it like an orange creamsicle, and that's because in addition to that subtle
pine flavor, there's a little bit of orange peel, Tahitian vanilla bean, cloves, and then
a little bit of maple syrup, just to give it this nice kind of sweet orange flavor.
So it's really delicious and easy to take.
So if you're looking to increase your testosterone or androgen levels, and you want an alternative
to pharmaceutical testosterone replacement therapies, there's nothing that does it better
than Pine Pollen Pure Potency.
And this is a promo code, OneRadio.
It's going to get you 20%.
It's the biggest, hello, the biggest sale of the year.
It's really a beautiful thing.
The biggest sale of the year, oneradionetwork.com, and click on the Thrival link and juice it
up there and get yourself some pine pollen on sale.
It's a great product.
We think you'll really like it.
It's a food, so you won't be doing anything weird with your body.
It's just a food from trees, things like that.
Have you tried our sulfur?
You might say, "Wow," if you try our sulfur.
My friend was down in Los Angeles recently, and he brought up some pure sulfur.
We just ordered some from you.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah, I was just looking at it, and I was like, "Wow, this stuff really is totally different."
I put a tablespoon in my mouth and just chugged it with water.
Wow.
Yeah, thanks.
A lot of people get that "wow" thing.
I felt something the first time I took it about three years ago, and we've been promoting
this pure organic sulfur ever since.
Two pound orders, three different prices, United States, Canada, worldwide.
I'm embarrassed in how old that commercial is, three years.
I do what I can.
It's a great product, and you can join the crowd, and people order it over and over and
over again because they really like it.
That's why they do that.
It's on our website.
If you want more than four pounds, email me, patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
The EMF protection device that you see on your screen and also on audio, you can go
to our One Radio Network website and look at the EMF protection device that's called
Blue Shield.
This thing really works.
I've got one up here in the studio.
I have one downstairs that goes out 90 yards.
It's a little cube.
It deals with the cells in the body.
It just helps the cells to somehow magically deal with electromagnetic fields in a better
way.
It doesn't block it.
It's not trying to block anything.
They figured it out because they know how these things affect the cells in the body.
This Australian company figured it out about 20 years ago.
They've worked with them with animals, chickens and cows.
They reduce mortality, increase the milk supply, egg supply.
The placebo effect is there because not a lot of cows listen to the show.
It works.
They've proven it with peer-reviewed studies.
They're not peer-reviewed, but they've done studies.
I just threw that word in there because I get used to saying it.
Check it out.
The EMF protection device.
Use promo code One Radio.
Promo code One Radio on the front page of OneRadioNetwork.com.
We'll hook you up.
That didn't work.
I think this will work.
This will work.
Broadcasting from the beautiful Hill Country in New York City.
Broadcasting from the beautiful Hill Country in Texas.
This is One Radio Network.com.
We're talking with Dr. Ray Peat and he's a PhD.
It's RayPeat.com and you can get his newsletter and we'll tell you about that.
I think it's RayPeat's Newsletter.
Right, doc?
Plural at gmail.com.
Ray Peat's Newsletter.
Possessive without the plastic.
Possessive.
Ray Peat's Newsletter.
It's Possessive Without the Apostrophe.
Without the apostrophe, yeah.
So you were in Mexico for a while and they do plenty of beans and stuff down there.
In general, do you think beans are okay for some of us to eat or most of us or what do
you think?
Oh, the way they're traditionally fixed.
The black beans which take about two days or more to cook.
They're fine people to digest them easily and they're nutritious but if you eat them
out of a quick food restaurant or out of a can, they're likely to be more toxic than
beneficial.
So what if we just buy black beans organic at the store?
Can we fix those up so they're relatively good for us?
Yeah, you have to soak them and prepare them for almost two days.
Really?
Two days?
Quickly tell us how to do that in case somebody, people like beans and want to do it.
How do you do it?
I've never done it myself but I've seen it in process and then tasted the results and
they serve them on a plate, just one bean deep surrounded by their juice.
They're very delicate.
Really digestible, huh?
Really digestible.
Yeah.
Wow.
So you're soaking and sprouting and I'm sure people can find it on YouTube on how to traditionally
prepare beans.
I'm sure they're up there somewhere.
There must be some videos.
Yeah, the soaking, the black beans take much longer to soak than normal beans.
And then you talked to us about the nixtamalization of corn which is a whole process that they
go through oftentimes in Central America that can literally make corn a really good food
and otherwise it's not so good.
Yeah, and some of it's made in the factory.
You're speeding it up too much and if you squash one of the pieces of hominy open after
they supposedly have cooked it, you can find opaque white starch inside and so that means
that your end product, like your tortillas, are just never quite going to taste right
or have the proper nutrition.
It depends on the size of the kernel so you can't do it by rote.
You have to check each piece of cooked corn to make sure it's translucent all the way
through.
I guess we lost all the traditional practices over the years of preparing food.
Yeah, the Chinese, for example, and other Asian cultures knew about the process probably
as long as 20 or 30,000 years ago.
A lot of the carnivore people we've been talking about, I think I sent you a few videos
and the fat people are arguing, they say you can prove that really the brain wants to do
fat and not sugar.
Do you agree with that?
Oh, no, it depends on the person.
Some people are sugar heads, some people are fat heads?
The good thing about fat is that in a famine, a little bit goes a long way and so it's designed
into us that it should taste good because it's a survival food.
But when you have fruit every day, for example, you can store just as much fat as you need,
but your energy level stays a lot higher so you burn your energy every day.
The fat person tends to burn less than all their fat.
What happens if you add fruit to your meat and your fat?
That completes the diet, makes it more nutritious.
But ideally it can help you prevent obesity because it satisfies your appetite in a way
that doesn't necessarily happen with just fat and meat.
Too much meat keeps your metabolism in turmoil and keeps it turned on so you tend to eat
too much.
I found the opposite, Doc, that I'm just never hungry doing this diet.
I'm just not hungry.
And then I only eat when I get hungry, which is only a couple times a day.
Yeah, that's the famous weight loss diet where you eat all the fat and meat that you want.
Yeah, yeah.
I haven't lost any weight, we'll see.
Here is, oh, yeah, here's, oh, somebody sent this, Adam Bergstrom, who's on our show, he
said the medical name for death by celery is celery-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis,
A-N-A-P-H-Y-L-A-X-I-S.
Every year, celery kills hundreds of sensitive people who don't sit down immediately after
eating it.
Wow, isn't that interesting?
Does that make sense to you?
Yeah, sugar is recognized as an antidote, either adrenaline or sugar.
They both lower the shock symptoms and get your metabolism running again if you're having
an anaphylaxis reaction.
What is anaphylaxis?
Is that what you had with the celery?
Pretty similar, but mine was just very intense allergies.
My blood pressure was affected at the extreme, but the worst thing with anaphylaxis is your
blood sugar goes up and down, you go into shock and stop producing energy, and so getting
your energy turned on again is what handles the allergic anaphylaxis.
I listened to Colin before this show, I was wondering about aspirin, if I'd ask you again.
I told him that I thought you were okay with aspirin, but I will ask you again because
he wanted me to.
Some people say it causes leaky gut or harms the stomach, and you?
I was reading some life extension articles yesterday, and I found one which aspirin had
the most extreme effects on life extension of any of the substances that they tested.
Do you think that's true?
Yeah, this article seemed to be done by very competent people.
Have you seen any evidence that aspirin really does do the whole bleeding thing, or can puncture
and leaky gut and the rest of it?
Some of that is definite misinterpretation to sell Tylenol, and Tylenol does affect many
systems harmfully, but to increase their sales, they said bad things about aspirin, including
that it is a very dangerous cause of bleeding.
When you look at old people who have been very sick for a long time and finally go to
the hospital, chances are they've been taking aspirin for whatever bothered them for years
and years before they went to the hospital.
When you're under stress enough to send you to the hospital, just that prolonged stress
takes 12 hours of very intense stress to cause very serious bowel bleeding.
Any sick, stressed person who goes to the hospital is going to be inclined to have a
bleeding problem, and are just by chance more likely to be taking aspirin than people who
didn't feel sick.
But Dr. Peat, isn't that the case with most anything?
If we don't take into consideration the state of consciousness and the other worry
or relaxed feelings and all of these things going on with all of us, how it affects what
we eat and take?
I mean, it's got to, right?
Yeah, everything has multiple meanings that you have to check out.
No wonder we're all bonkers with trying to figure out our teeth.
Since we are different, can we be different in such a way that some people could do really
well like on a vegan diet and another person would just almost die?
Is that possible?
Yeah, when you look at a very ideally done fat diet and a well-done carbohydrate diet,
you can make each of them very safe and life-extending.
By just the amount and the combinations?
Yeah, the combinations in particular.
The combinations, wow.
So is there any benefit to having a low fasting blood sugar and a low A1c and just not having
the blood sugar jumping up around when you're on a more animal-based diet and fat?
Oh, that's a good basic condition to have moderate to low blood glucose just because
you're not surging through stress episodes.
The adrenals and pituitary are constantly signaling the pancreas to adjust your blood
sugar and that affects your nervous system.
Everything, right.
So it's a beneficial thing to have more stable blood sugar.
Yeah.
Cool.
Okay, here's Luke in Germany.
We'll get to some questions.
Long-time listener, first-time emailer.
Thank you for having me, Dr. Peat Ahn.
How much does total phosphorus intake matter if the diet has a good calcium-phosphorus
ratio?
Is a low phosphorus diet preferable to a normal phosphorus diet if the calcium-phosphorus
ratio is exactly the same in both cases?
I think within a very, very broad range, it's the ratio that matters.
It's what, sir, that matters?
The ratio that matters.
The ratio.
Mm-hmm.
And that would be, how do you, is that done through hair analysis?
Oh, no, just looking at the food you eat.
I see.
And can you give us a general idea of what that ratio is?
Oh, close to one to one, if possible.
One to one.
It's okay to be three to one is still the safe ratio.
And the three being which one, calcium or?
Phosphate.
It's very safe to have high calcium and not too dangerous to have a slight elevation of
the phosphate.
A chronic six or seven to one ratio, for example, is going to cause some serious problems.
And which mineral is the six when it's a problem, the phosphorus?
Yeah, when you have five or six or seven times as much phosphate as calcium, even your risk
for things like lung cancer are increased.
Wow.
And the high phosphorus foods are meats, right?
Meats and grains.
Meat and grains.
So if you're eating meat, maybe adding, make sure you can do some goat's milk or cow's
milk, right?
Get your calcium.
Right?
Is that good?
And that's your favorite way to get calcium, isn't it, if I understand talking to you?
Milk?
Is it what?
Your favorite way to do?
Oh yeah, because it's chemicals that control stress, make you use your calcium and magnesium
most effectively.
And generally goes with things like not having a mental decline in old age.
So I found this one came in this morning, let's go to it here because this ties right
in.
Dear Patrick, a question for Dr. Peat.
As our dairy cows are mostly pregnant, please ask Dr. Peat about the hormones in milk and
how they might affect us.
It really depends on who's managing the dairies.
They don't always have to be pregnant.
Oh, I see.
This sounds like this is just an individual.
So there's a way to not have them always be pregnant and that's better?
Because then when they're pregnant, the hormones can affect us negatively?
I think it's more stressful to the cow.
We should be producing huge amounts of milk while trying to make a calf.
So is there any issues with just drinking raw goat's milk or raw cows or any kind of
cow's milk with the hormones in general?
Yeah, they should be avoided.
Right but if we're getting like raw goat's milk or even organic cow's milk, should we
even be thinking about if they got hormones we don't want or not?
No, normally they're such very small amounts.
I see.
It doesn't bother anyone.
Okay.
This is Anna, Dr. Peat, for you.
Is it possible to grow back joints that have been damaged by osteoarthritis?
By hospital?
By osteoarthritis, to have your joints kind of come back into form.
The joints.
They want to know if it's possible to rebuild the joints.
Well, I've seen joints that were effectively rebuilt literally overnight.
I think I told the story about my plumber before who said he was about to retire because
the cartilage was so destroyed and his knee was stiff.
Getting up a three-step porch was very, very painful to him.
But he rubbed a whole bottle of progesterone, ankle to thigh on that leg and just took a
rest break from his plumbing work.
Just after that, 40 minutes or so, his walking was more comfortable and fluid.
The next morning he said he had to show off his leg and he ran up and down the stairs
one night and his wife had been a violist.
He said that was the first time in years that either of them had slept through the whole
night without needing aspirin.
Is that right?
Despite that, he never got another bottle, never used it again.
I saw him 10 years later still working full-time even though his knee was supposedly finished
previously but he had totally forgotten that he ever had arthritis.
So that would be an argument for a lot of people that believe, and give me some leeway
here, but that believe that something's going on with their shoulder or knees or their joints
are gone, that people say, "Oh, you're bone on bone," or whatever.
It could be a hormone issue that they don't know.
Oh, sure.
Low thyroid, high estrogen are the worst things.
I've known several women who were absolutely sure that if they took less menopause estrogen
treatment that they would have even worse rheumatoid arthritis.
But since they were totally disabled, I finally convinced them to try it.
And in a week, their symptoms were gone.
The red inflammation in the joint simply faded away.
Just by cutting out the estrogen extra.
Wow.
So that's why you've been a fan of this product that you helped develop called Progest-Ease.
Take a little dab of that two or three times a week or whatever.
You think it's beneficial for us, for most of us.
I do that.
I don't know what I'm doing but I like it.
So we have a fellow here, or a lady, Dr. Peat.
Her name is Amy and she's got an 87-year-old mom who has recently been experiencing hearing
loss in one ear and dizziness when standing.
The doctor said it was fluid in her ear and diagnosed her with Meniere's disease.
The treatment is diuretics and low salt diet, which she already eats.
Do you know what could cause Meniere's disease and would you recommend she does this treatment?
It depends on the type of diuretic.
You can achieve the same thing by adjusting the hormones.
Progesterone, for example, is a diuretic that can relieve Meniere's disease very quickly.
So progesterone is a diuretic.
Wow, I wonder how she could tell if mom's getting the right kind of diuretic.
How could she do that?
It really requires when a person is that age, they should find someone who will really study
it with them because it can make a big difference in their general function.
Yeah, pretty tricky.
Dr. Ray Peat is with us, Patrick Timpone, OneRadioNetwork.com.
We've got a good show for you tomorrow.
We're going to be talking with a regenerative farmer.
Who else are we going to do?
I'll look at the schedule.
In general, Dr. Peat, do you think it's worth the time, effort, and reasonable and beneficial
to do these blood tests every now and then and look and see what's going on?
It's interesting.
Interesting.
I like the way you say that.
Yeah, I've never had it done myself because I can tell from my symptoms and functions
that everything is within a workable range.
You can feel it.
You know if something's out of whack with your body.
That's pretty fun, isn't it?
Good for you.
What was that?
I said that's pretty fun.
Good for you.
Just don't eat any more celery.
You'll be fine.
How does Dr. Peat feel about avocado and avocado oil?
Oh, I don't see any reason at all for avocado oil.
But for ripe avocados, they're one of the pleasantest foods I can think of.
Yeah, really good, right?
I mean, the best fat ever, isn't it?
If you're going to eat something other than vegetable and animal fat?
Yeah, the amount of fat in the flesh is harmless if you only eat an occasional serving of the
avocado.
But it's possible you could eat like a quart and a half a day and have an imbalance of
your fats.
What balance, sir?
The fat balance could go out of a healthy range.
Oh, if you really overdid the avocado thing.
Yeah, but a couple of avocados a day, I think you're safe.
And eggs, you like eggs?
You're a fan of eggs?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, they're pretty good food, aren't they?
Pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, as long as you have a backup so that you don't get either too much protein or not
enough, the powerful effects they have on your insulin secretion can distribute your
blood sugar.
So I try to avoid having a dinner of scrambled eggs at bedtime unless I have a lot of ice
cream at the same time.
So wow, that's great.
Scrambled eggs and ice cream, doesn't get much better than that.
So what does the ice cream do?
It keeps your blood sugar up.
So when you have eggs at night, what does it do?
It dampens your blood sugar.
It tends to hold it down all night.
You know, that's so funny you mention that because I've tried eggs at night that some
friends of mine recommend and I never did well with them too much and I do better with
them like in the morning.
So it's just you think lowering my blood sugar too much and it'll wake you up or something.
Yeah, many people told me the same effect.
What's going on in an egg that lowers your blood sugar?
What's going on with eggs that lowers your blood sugar?
Such high quality amino acids are powerful stimulants.
Your pancreas and the insulin lowers, gets the free amino acids turned either into energy
or fat storage or building muscle.
And so the amino acids quickly go away which can leave you short on glucose.
Fascinating.
We put a video on our front page and I'm trying to find the fellow's name and I really
kind of liked him.
He's got like two million visitors on his website.
And not that that means he knows what he's talking about but a lot of people like him.
And this video was all about the egg and he had all these graphs.
His name is Eckberg.
Do you know him?
Yeah, I've seen his videos.
Stan Eckberg, yeah.
And he has all these graphs about the egg and all these different foods.
And he was saying there that these eggs have some kind of protein that in some senses are
even more usable than meat.
Yeah, it's considered the highest quality protein of all.
In fact, potato protein slightly exceeds egg protein for quality.
I'm sorry, what protein does?
Potato protein.
Potato protein does.
Yeah, we have people that say that.
Potato protein is actually even better than egg protein?
Technically, in that sense of biological sufficiency.
Wow, wow, wow.
Do you think that if you hard cook them or what we call hard boiled or hard cooked or
cook them too much that it is detrimental to the nutrients in the egg?
That's likely.
But not a lot.
Too much oxidation makes it taste worse and worse, the more over oxidized it is.
Yeah, I saw a video, Dr. Peter, of a fellow that said this is the way to do omelets, right?
So rather than mix them up like I was taught to do, you know, like chefs do, and then do
them in a pan, he said just put them in the pan, two or three, and slowly kind of turn
them around so you're not really, you know, you're not really kind of, you're breaking
them up a lot.
And boy, those scrambled eggs taste good.
You know what I mean?
They're alive.
Yeah, and they have functions that the other eggs don't.
It isn't just the nutrients, but the slightly undercooked egg has antiviral and antibacterial
actions.
No kidding.
That's cool.
But it tastes great too.
I got a whole new way of making scrambled eggs that I've been doing my whole life.
It's kind of fun.
Here's a good one for you.
Does Dr. Peat consider clarified butter or ghee in the same category as butter as far
as part of his diet?
And then he has another question.
So do you think it's the same?
I think it's the same nutritionally, but I never eat it myself.
Yeah, you just do the butter.
Yeah, yeah.
And it tastes better than ghee, right?
It's more fun.
Does Dr. Peat prefer wheat bran or oat bran for his morning cereal?
That's what I've been eating in recent months, just partly because of the taste of it.
But there are differences between wheat and oats and other brands.
The cellulose of wheat bran is considered the safest of all brands.
But just in case you happen to be allergic to wheat, oats is a good alternative.
Do you remember cream of wheat we used to eat when we were kids?
And we used to put butter and olive oil in my house, we were Italian.
Do you think that, I mean, that didn't kill us.
I mean, it had to be fairly good.
We had it quite often.
Oh yeah, pulled ender.
The same with cornmeal.
It was one of my favorite mushers.
Yeah, they're fun.
They're fun, aren't they?
Boy, especially in the winter in St. Louis, before you go to school and you have some
cream of wheat with butter, right?
Oh man, olive oil.
I guess the fat kind of carried us on to school or something.
I don't know.
Could you please ask Dr. Peat, blood glucose level that stays the same all day upon waking
up before the meal, 30, 60, 90, 120 minutes after the meal and bedtime, unless it drops
into hypoglycemia, what can that be about?
So this person, let's see, let's go through this.
Their blood sugar kind of stays the same all day before a meal and even after a meal at
bedtime, unless it drops into hypoglycemia.
So what can you suggest might be going on if the blood sugar is not raising after a
meal?
Different things could cause that.
It's probably no problem, just maybe the way they cook their food.
The way they cook their food, can you elaborate a little bit on that?
Yeah, if you cook everything so that it's ideally palatable and well cooked, you extract
quite a bit more sugar and starch than you would with the way stylish people tend to
undercook their food.
Interesting, stylish people.
So what's your favorite way to cook a potato you think that works best for you?
Yeah, what's most digestible for yourself.
Yeah, so have you found any particular way that works for you the best, what's most digestible?
I like well-boiled potatoes that are just falling apart, so they kind of spontaneously
mash up with butter.
Yeah, like these little red potatoes?
Yeah.
Yeah, kind of fun.
Here's an email, and plus of course butter, right?
I mean, isn't that just like necessary with potatoes?
For your taste, pretty much, yeah.
Pretty much, yeah.
If you take a thyroid T4 plus T3 and it brings down your temperature, how can you tell if
it is the dose is, let's see, how can you tell if it is the dose is too high, making
you more hypothyroid, or it is knocking down stress hormones?
Well, let's see, if it's bringing your temperature down, isn't that good?
No?
No, no, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm confused.
If you're under heavy stress, the thyroid lowers your stress, but you have to measure
it every day for days and days in a row to see what's happening.
Yeah, so I was totally opposite.
You want to keep your temperature up, right, in general?
In general, yeah.
Yeah, especially in the morning, that's when we can tell if our thyroid is happy, right?
Right.
And the Berta Barnes is what, about 98?
Want it to be in the morning?
Yeah, close to that.
Yeah, yeah.
And that'll give you an idea of if Mr. Thyroid is working well, correct?
Okay.
Hey, Dr. Peat, are there any commonly sold materials that you think people, oh, should
stop buying because they're especially damaging to the environment?
For example, right now I was planning to put down a new vinyl floor, but I was reading
online that vinyl is extremely bad for the environment, so I'm not sure if it should
be hardwood.
Do you have any...?
What was the substance?
The substance says that he's thinking about doing vinyl but thinking it's bad for the
environment.
He's asking you if you have any ideas on some materials that would be not good for
the environment.
The CO2 from what source are they considering?
Well, I don't think it's CO2.
I think it's just things like vinyl or other plastics.
Oh, oh, oh, sure, plastics.
Sure.
The more you do to upset the environment, the worse things get.
Sure, sure.
Which is why we take little cloth things to the store rather than have them put on plastic,
right?
No sense piling on if you can't.
Dr. Ray Peat, is the cause for varicose veins in men the same as in women, or is there a
slight difference that would Dr. Peat recommend to reverse and remove the appearance of varicose
veins that are bulging all over the surface of both legs of a man in his 20s?
Wow, we have a fellow in his 20s, lots of bulging varicose veins.
What do you think?
In both men and women, hypothyroidism has a big role, but the differences are the cortisol
excess is more likely in men, estrogen excess more likely in women to contribute to it.
And what increases cortisol to levels we don't want?
Just about everything bad you do.
Living on earth, right, Doc?
Yeah, and an extreme ketogenic diet makes you run constantly at a high cortisol level.
So there are lots of habitual things that can spend your tissue reserves faster than
normally so that you age faster.
And what would be symptoms of your cortisol too high?
Thinning of your skin, so the famous one is the white of your eye has a blueish appearance.
When you're not getting enough protein, for example, or have too high cortisol, you have
that blue sclera effect.
But all of the events of menopause are basically identical to the signs of excess cortisol.
Oh, so when ladies go through menopause, they present signs that would be similar to excess
cortisol.
Yeah, if you enumerate them, someone who's diagnosed with menopause will recognize them
in Cushing's syndrome.
And with Cushing's syndrome, they can say, "Oh, that's just menopause."
It includes facial hair, loss of head hair, gain of weight and blood pressure and instability
of blood sugar, food cravings, breaking blood vessels and weak skin that appears too fragile,
of constipation, diarrhea sometimes, everything getting destabilized.
It's identical in both menopause and Cushing's syndrome.
Interesting.
Dr. Ray P., Patrick Timpone, One Radio Network.
This is from Pierre.
Pierre, I'm not sure where he lives.
He doesn't say, "Dr. Peat, from time to time, there will be a little small purple splotch
on my forearm.
Sometimes, the size of a dime stays for maybe a week and then fades away.
What could be causing this?"
I, for a couple of years, was having that frequently.
Were you?
And I think it's one of the early signs of developing intestinal allergies.
Allergies?
It increases your cortisol and estrogen generally, destabilizing capillaries.
But along with that goes autoimmune type of inflammatory symptoms that make you break
your blood vessels.
So, he may be eating something that he's allergic to or could have some gut issues,
leaky and so on, that he's allergic to.
Yeah, the wrong flora growing in your intestine.
The wrong flora.
You mean the wrong foods?
Yeah, the wrong food support, the wrong bacteria.
I see.
Okay.
How does Dr. Peat recommend people test their vitamin A levels and what does he consider
the ideal healthy range to be?
Vitamin A.
I've seen and tested in quite a few people.
The things that are regulated are thyroid function, progesterone function and vitamin
B12 intake.
So, you can't look only at vitamin A. You have to see how things are functioning.
It tends to take care of itself if you're eating a mixed diet because the carotene is
in all of the yellow and orange plant foods and you can turn that to vitamin A if your
hormones are okay.
Okay.
Robert wants to know what would be the best strategies to lower high cortisol.
High cortisol.
Did we cover that or not?
Yeah, everything that is pleasant reduces your stress feeling.
Everything that isn't pleasant will reduce cortisol, right?
Or will raise cortisol.
Sorry.
Yeah, keeping your meal frequency up is very helpful.
A smaller meal several times a day.
This is from Sylvia.
I often have eye bags and I just don't know why.
I don't like them.
What does Dr. Peat think the main cause for bags under the eyes?
Good question.
Stress and high cortisol and high estrogen are associated with them.
Generally, it's a sign of stress or elevated adrenal problems.
Adrenal, get the adrenal up, right?
The adrenals get a little hot.
And just living here in the body will do the adrenals.
What else affects the adrenals negatively?
Eating allergenic foods really turns out to be like bread.
Bread turns out to be enough to give a lot of people a puffy under the eyes.
What about caffeine, coffee?
Is that adrenal?
Coffee.
Does that affect the adrenals, coffee?
Oh, it can disturb them if you...
Many people drink it without food and using it as a speed stimulant.
But if you use it with food, it improves your efficiency of energy production.
It can either make things much worse or improve things.
Or much better.
So that's why people...
So people that want to skip breakfast and they just have coffee, that's not the best choice.
Yeah, on an empty stomach, coffee really raises your cortisol and damages tissues.
Interesting.
So if you're going to have bacon and eggs, then have some coffee, right?
Yep.
There you go.
Well, that was easy. I'll take coffee with my bacon and eggs.
Sherry wants to know, "My body doesn't produce enough potassium.
Other than food or supplements, is there any way to produce more potassium in the body?"
Potassium.
Body shouldn't produce calcium, but...
Potassium, Doc, potassium.
Potassium?
Yeah, potassium.
It should be able to get enough potassium from just about any food you eat.
There's almost never a potassium deficiency.
Yeah.
Okay.
Patricia says, "I believe some women after menopause and taking injections of testosterone,
some of them say they feel better and sleeping better.
What does Dr. Ray Peat think?"
I'm a 76-year-old lady.
A little testosterone?
Oh, it makes just about everyone feel better.
But in a woman, it's going to for sure increase facial hair.
Right.
And in a man, very often at that age, his estrogen is already higher than a woman's.
And so, it's very doubtful that it is helping the average man in his 70s.
But it will almost always make a woman of that age feel a lot better.
Oh, it will feel a lot better.
And I would argue too that a testosterone from a food like we promote, pine pollen,
is real different than taking injections or BBs and all of the rest of it.
You know what I mean?
I've known people that took these BBs and injections and they feel great for 30 days,
and then they feel terrible.
You know what I mean?
And they say, "Well, I don't know. I'm not going to do that anymore."
Yeah.
You know.
So, two questions. What would be the cause of high triglycerides despite following a low-fat diet?
And what would be the best way to reduce them?
So, does a low-fat diet reduce triglycerides?
Too much starch can cause elevated triglycerides.
Starch, potatoes.
Yeah.
But stress does too.
And high triglycerides are seldom anything to worry about because usually it's just a person is feeling stressed,
and so they're eating some extra starch.
And if you cut back on your starch immediately, the triglycerides will come down.
Isn't it pretty prolific that stress or needing comfort, then we go to the pasta or the potato?
To which or the potato?
In other words, folks get stressed or nervous or just not feeling well, right?
They go right for the potato or the pasta, right? Or the bread.
Oh, yeah. Potato is a good choice because it's almost a complete food.
And that can help straighten you out a little bit if you're all stressed out, can't it?
Yeah.
Yeah. Good old potatoes.
Years ago, we interviewed a lady. She wrote a book, Dr. Peat, called "Potatoes, Not Prozac."
I always remember that. And that's what she said.
So, potatoes will help put you to sleep?
Oh, yeah. A guy called me years ago.
His sister had heard about using potato juice.
Right.
And he hadn't slept, she said, for about three months.
And he was basically feeble-minded from the exhaustion of not sleeping.
Isn't that interesting.
And so he couldn't understand the idea of making juice out of making potato soup out of just the juice.
In other words, throwing away the starchy part.
But finally, she got him a big bowl of potato soup.
He went to sleep right in place, ate half a bowl of soup, and had his first night's sleep right there beside the soup.
So how was he making juice? I mean, not raw. You wouldn't do it raw, would you? Raw potatoes?
He used a centrifugal carrot juicer.
Yeah. That's really...
Didn't they, at some point, people were doing like raw potato juice in Europe for cancer or something?
Did I dream that? Or are they doing it?
I don't think it has to be raw. It works okay if it's thoroughly cooked.
But I know what you're saying about potatoes, because if I would eat a potato at night,
you know, Dr. Peat'd like six or seven in an hour, so I was worthless. You know, I couldn't do anything.
And I wanted to work on my screenplays that I write.
So with the meat, I don't do that. I don't go to sleep. I can just keep writing until midnight.
So that makes sense, doesn't it?
Yeah. It just changes a well-balanced, complete food.
Interesting. What if I would do potatoes and the meat at the same time? I wonder if that would work.
At the same time as what?
Yeah. In other words, do a potato and also do heavy protein, too.
Oh, that's right. There's a standard meat and potatoes.
Yeah. That's why it works, because it's a combination that kind of goes together.
Yeah. See, I never did that. I always did the potato alone. That's why it probably didn't work for me.
Right? What are the dangers of elevated iron levels in the body?
The causes of elevated iron and how to reduce them, elevated iron?
Eating too much iron really is the only problem.
Eating too many iron-rich foods, right?
Yeah.
And I think what are some of the high... I know like blackstrap molasses, that's a high food, right? Iron food?
Oh, yeah. And it's got a lot of anti-nutrients of different kinds, kind of risky stuff.
Yeah. Dr. Peat, you've talked about your abilities to affect electrical devices and even cloud chambers.
My Mac speakers are broken and distort everyone's voice, making them totally undecipherable,
but your voice comes through clear as a bell. Any explanation?
Well...
What do you think?
For affecting the voice?
Yeah. Like he said, you've talked about abilities to affect electrical devices and even cloud chambers.
I don't know what a cloud chamber is.
Yeah. A friend took me through the Exploratorium in San Francisco and after hours turned on the cloud machine to show me how it works.
Right.
And as it started clouding up, I moved closer to it and a cylinder, it was a glass cabinet, and the cylinder parallel to my body opened up in the cloudiness inside the chamber
and it was exactly corresponding to my movement towards the chamber.
And then when I backed away from it, it collapsed the clouded area.
So some field coming out of my body was preventing the cloud particles from forming and it was the same shape of a field extending about a foot and a half roughly beyond my skin
that I saw in working with lab equipment.
Many people have a field like that. Sometimes it's as much as a yard away from your body.
Yes, sir.
Sometimes only two or three inches.
Yeah.
But it's an attachment to your body.
Yeah. Some people call it maybe an aura. An aura maybe?
Probably, yeah.
And it's an electrical field that we emanate, I think, I believe it's because of our state of consciousness.
Right. Researchers have measured that field in the piece of human skin growing in a dish.
And then if you metabolically poison that with a little cyanide, for example, so it doesn't respire, the size of the field shrinks in proportion to the energy.
And if you wash out the poison, the field comes back. And it's definitely something operating in accord with the respiratory enzymes of the skin.
But in some people it projects far beyond the skin.
Fascinating. Fascinating. I think that's where the whole thing over the holy pictures, you know, with the Christian saints and all that and Catholic.
I think that's what that was about. Have you ever seen those holy cards when we were kids?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah. Yeah. It used to show like the halo kind of thing. And in the movies sometimes they'll show Christ as protected with light coming out.
And it makes sense, though, right? And we are light beings, aren't we? Light beings?
Well, to that extent, our living fields maintain this structured field around our body.
And the structured field, I wonder what the purpose of it is to attract others or protect us?
Yeah, I think it's a communication device when it's operating properly.
Communication device.
Between people.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense, doesn't it? And I think we, you know, I know we can communicate with animals, too.
I mean, I talk to the snakes all the time and I think I've only seen one or two in 25 years and I'm in Texas.
And I just kind of tell them, you know, I'm good. I'm not going to step on you. I don't want to hurt you.
Right. You know, I love you. And and they just stay away.
You know, they just stay away.
I do that with ants.
Do you? Yeah.
I suppose I've said my roommate is going to poison you all if you come in the house again.
It's so funny. I did that the other day. It's so funny you say that.
So I talked to them, too. They were coming in my kitchen, Doc.
And I was talking to him, I say, now you guys get out of here because I got to I'm going to nuke you if you don't, you know, I'm going to nuke you if you don't.
It didn't quite work. But so they were they were these fire ants and they're hardcore and boy, they just kept coming in, coming and coming in.
And I finally just, you know, nuked him. It took a while.
And I was sad. I mean, I really was in that weird. I felt badly for killing them.
Ants, go figure.
But they are little souls, aren't they? They are little little beings.
But but you've been able to tell them to leave and they have left.
You know, when you get to know an ant, if you see an ant in this daily location.
Yeah. And just patiently watch what that ant does.
They're the ones I've watched long enough.
They definitely have their private life and they're definitely individual personalities.
Correct. Oh, yeah.
Well, you're fun to talk to. I'm glad you're coming back from your celery voice thing.
Just a fascinating story. And I'm glad that your brain is fine because we want you around for a long time.
Don't go anywhere. OK?
All right. You take care of yourself, Dr. Ray Peat. OK?
OK. Very good. Love you so much. Thank you. Bye bye.
Dr. Ray Peat, Patrick Tampone on Radionetwork.com.
Well, isn't that great?
Yeah. So I'm just going to retell the story for a minute.
About two months ago, Dr. Peat was just like he was really having a hard time talking.
And I mean, really, you could listen to the last two months.
And I was just concerned because he just couldn't get the words out.
But I didn't say anything because who am I? I mean, I don't know what I'm doing.
And talking to a fellow like this who has been studying this stuff for 60 years or more, renowned nutritionist.
So I didn't say anything because I mean, what was I going to say?
So during the last week or two, I was sending him all these videos that we were talking to these carnivore people with the fat.
Because, you know, I assumed wrongly, it's not good to assume, right?
That maybe there's something with his brain and he was needing more fat for his brain.
I was just trying to help. But he was very sweet and emailed me back and said thanks for these and all that.
So it turns out, we hear this morning, that it was a, what happened was he did this celery thing, some kind of celery thing, celery juice or something.
And with a product, I didn't get the whole story, you know, totally.
But it was an allergic thing to celery and it affected his vocal cords similar to what Bobby Kennedy Jr.
You've heard him talk, right? It's kind of almost permanent with him.
But he was having a hard time just breathing, choking and getting it out and it wasn't a brain thing.
So I was really concerned with him, you know, I was like, oh man.
So that's the story. And you can tell he's still got a little bit going on, but he's coming out of it just from getting off the vegetables.
He's not eating any vegetables now.
For those of you who think I'm crazy for not eating vegetables, not that what Ray Peat says is right, but these vegetables, you don't need them.
I mean, in my opinion, I think you feel better without them. I do.
Yeah, we just, boom, gone.
Okay, well, that's what all the carnivores believe anyway, that the vegetables are, you don't need them.
So Ray Peat's off of vegetables, so he's a make-believe carnivore.
Oh, God. All right, I will see you tomorrow. What's going on tomorrow?
Let me look here, let me look.
Oh, yeah, we're going to talk about yoga. I haven't talked to a yogi person for a long time.
Robert Bustani is going to be here tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
And then Kate Kavanaugh, she's a regenerative farmer.
We're going to talk more about meat and fat and eggs and the good stuff with her.
And then Adam Bergstrom, 2.0, on Wednesday.
And then a lady who had an out-of-body experience that changed her life, wrote a book, and now that's all she talks about,
which is kind of like what I do, too.
So here we have it. That's our week.
Jennifer Daniels tomorrow.
We've got some other things. Cool. Cooking, cooking, baby.
All right, I will see you tomorrow, 10 o'clock. I love you all very much.
Don't forget, Pine Pollen on sale. This is not the testosterone doc was talking about.
This is from pollen, trees, living foods, and it works with the body to increase testosterone levels.
Not injections and not BBs in your butt.
And can, as Dr. Peat said, help ladies feel better.
So you gals can try, too. Promo code Restore20. Restore20 promo code for 20% off the biggest sale of the year
with Pine Pollen from Sir Thrival through our website, OneRadioNetwork.com.
I love you all. Let me know if we can help with anything.
My email, Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
And all the personal emails that come in, I answer.
I do it, spend a lot of time doing it because I think that's my job.
Broadcasting from the beautiful hill country in Texas, this is OneRadioNetwork.com.
(music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]